In a battle drill All right, Shawn, that's it.
Come on, up and at 'em.
It's noon.
Half the day is gone.
Mean firepower.
Look at this, these guys right here.
What they're doing? Jumping out of helicopters.
Look at that guy, he's rappelling down a mountainside.
Look at everything they're getting done while you're laying here slacking off.
What does that make you want to do when you grow up? Join the Army.
Go into advertising.
It's a really catchy jingle.
Seriously, I can't get it out of my head.
Let me get this straight.
Hotel manager says she found a body this morning, but you're saying John Doe offed himself When I said I wanted to see you, this is not that I had in mind.
I thought you said spending time together was more important than what we were doing.
Let me just solve this quickly, and we can go.
I do not believe this man committed suicide.
Unfortunately, he was murdered.
- Wait, already? Are you sure? - 41%.
Why, Shawn? O'Hara, I think we got this one covered.
Spencer, why don't you get I'm sorry, did you bring a date to the crime scene? It was either this or ice skating.
But I'm not anti-ice skating.
Do you have any idea how inappropriate that is? More inappropriate than yelling at a co-worker in front of his date? Why don't you zip it and let me assess what's going on here before you turn it into a psychic crap fest.
Dude, the chair.
The chair he stepped on.
To hang himself, legs would have kicked it backwards, and yet it's forward.
This is remedial stuff.
I do not believe this man was alone in the room when he died.
Enough! I'm already onto something being fishy here without your help.
- Look at the position of the chair.
- Good boy, Lassie.
But come on, half-naked John Doe No wallet, no I.
D.
No identification.
There's no card with the It's got the I'm seeking what? - An I.
D.
Card? - There's not one.
Clearly you will need me to read the body.
Check the throat.
He's trying to tell me something, but he can't.
I was just about to say that.
Check his throat.
Are those dog tags? Crap, this guy was a soldier.
- What does this mean? - It means it's not just a possible homicide, now it's a military crime.
I may know someone who can help.
- Hey, little sis.
- Ewan, hi.
I am so sorry to bother you.
I know you must be busy, but I just have a couple of questions about this case.
I'm never too busy for you.
- I'm sorry, are you at work? - Yeah, cleaning out the inbox as usual.
- Can I call you back? - Sure, but it'll only take a minute.
Same here.
Dude! - Hey, sis, I was just gonna - Alpha 4.
This is not your sister.
Yeah, I gather.
Funny you should call now.
Mission complete.
Your docs are safe and will be at the destination and hopefully dry by 1600.
America wins.
Just in time.
As usual, you're a credit to your country, Alpha Four.
Thank you for calling me back.
We have a soldier who was found hanging in this motel room.
- What happen, he kill himself? - Well, maybe.
Maybe somebody wants us to think that.
Hey, do you know why a soldier would swallow his dog tags? Unfortunately I do.
I saw it first hand in boot camp.
It's a symbol of shame.
Oh, man! Are you crazy? Suicide is a disgraceful act, especially for a soldier.
So what happens is they They swallow their dog tags.
Listen, how'bout we talk about this over dinner? - You're in the country? - Better yet, I'm in the state.
I'm headed towards Santa Barbara.
When? I figure I'll float in around 9:00.
Great! Psych 410 "You Can't Handle This Episode" Timing: Psych Team It's a big sandstorm.
We're in Dubai, and we're trying to grab the hindquarters, and finally I say "stop! "You guys, we're gonna have to carry this camel the rest of the way.
" Carry the camel is humpin' it out.
What? That's That's an amazing story.
It sounds a little rehearsed, as if you've told it about a zillion times.
I've never told that story before.
This is the first time.
Really? Maybe a little embellished? A little exaggerated.
Believe me.
I do the same thing.
Actually, I left most of the crazy stuff out.
I didn't want to blow anybody's mind.
It was nothing, really.
But honestly, man, from what my sis tells me, you're the amazing one.
- You said that? - I said you were prophetic.
What? You're prophetic.
I was just really interested in your kind of police work.
Sure, I'm used to combat, the nitty-gritty, extreme danger.
But you You do things on a higher level.
What did Juliet say about me? Plenty.
I'd tell you, but I'd have to kill you.
Great, now you're gonna tell everybody about our family road trip to Epcot, where you tortured me with Noogies? Does the story end with him carrying the car the last 19 clicks? Watch out.
You're never too old to hop on the train to Noogieville! The claw! Watch out! This is great! I am so glad you're here, and that you get to meet everybody.
Hey, I gotta ask.
Is that a Walther PPK on your ankle? It is.
Good eye, detective.
May I? - Here you go.
- Oh, that is sweet.
Are you licensed to carry in this state? I'm licensed to carry on the planet.
It's one of 11 weapons on my person.
Anybody want to find where they're hidden? All right, back to work, everyone.
Autopsy report confirms there was a severe neck fracture, probably not caused by the hanging.
Looks like Shawn's hunch about foul play might be right.
Let's pull out to the army base, figure out why our private Starks ended up dead in a motel room.
You should come with us.
- We could probably use your insight.
- And your 11 weapons.
Sorry, sir, we do not allow civilians access to this base.
I figured you might say that, soldier.
But I'm hardly a civilian.
I am the head detective for the Santa Barbara police department.
You don't have the clearances necessary I got you.
Gomer, Shawn Spencer, Paraguayan ambassador.
This is my attache, Ghee Buttersnaps, aka "the heater".
We are here to deliver a large ornamental fruit basket filled with native delicacies to whoever runs this joint.
Ewan O'Hara.
Is that a DOD TS security clearance? It is, I can assure you these folks are not cause any trouble.
They just have a few questions to ask.
As a former member of this institution and a decorated soldier, perhaps you can explain to these civilians that while the United States army appreciates their concerns about private Starks, this is a military matter.
Absolutely, general.
But a soldier is dead.
I think these people are just trying to do their due diligence.
I assure you we will conduct a thorough investigation - internally here on our base.
- Here's the thing It didn't happen on your base.
So you and I can sit here and haggle over jurisdiction, which we both know is murky at best.
Or you can give us access to your base, let us do our work.
That, or we can start hauling soldiers down to the station.
The coroner found evidence that may conflict with the original theory of self-infliction.
Thank you, young lady.
I'll be happy to pass that report on to our highly skilled militarypathologist.
Major general I got nothing.
I just like saying that.
Those two words in sequence.
"Major general.
" - Try it.
- I don't want to.
- Just say it.
- I don't want to.
General, I just got off the phone with Starks' parents.
They've requested to pick up his things.
Thank you, lieutenant Wallach.
Yes, I spoke to the boy's parents this morning myself.
Hardest call the army has to make.
- What is that? - Sorry, sir.
It's my girlfriend Abigail.
She's been trying to reach me all day.
We're in a phase in our relationship that I simply can't get a handle on.
I would like to hear your thoughts.
I wouldn't presume to know your life.
Probably don't ask, don't tell.
I'm just gonna let it go to voice mail.
Indeed.
Pack up his things.
We will need to look through his belongings before.
And we're going to need to retrace his steps leading to his death.
We'd like to start with his work assignments.
Very well.
Escort these civilians down to private Starks' barracks, - to the motor pool, where he worked.
- Motor pool! That's us.
We'll take the motor pool.
Dude, be all you can be.
We'll need one of those hummers.
The open hummers that we saw.
And my partner will require a corncob pipe.
Afternoon, soldier.
Ewan O'Hara.
This is Shawn Spencer.
He's a psychic detective helping the SBPD.
Investigating the suicide of private David Starks.
We heard.
It was a shame.
This is his partner Ghee Buttersnaps.
- That's not your real name.
- Oh, my gosh, - Juliet didn't even tell you my name? - Gus, please, let's focus.
Your pettiness ions are interfering with my psychic ions, creating recepto non grata interfero bupkiss.
- What are you even talking about? - This stuff is so cool.
How does this thing work? Would you ask the Egyptians how they built the pyramids? Would you ask Yo-Yo Ma how he makes music sound like heaven? Would you ask Iron Mike Sharpe why he felt the need to shower for more than 90 minutes after wrestling for less than ten? My point is, it's not a science.
For example, - what is this thing? - An armored personnel carrier.
Of course it is.
I meant in at more philosophical level.
What is it? I am sensing that private Starks was insubordinate and lazy.
A real sluff-off.
The opposite.
He was a model private.
One of the most conscientious soldiers in the squad, in fact.
Please, soldier, don't interrupt me.
Never do that.
That was the next thing I was going to say.
Model soldier.
Exemplary.
Pristine.
But I am sensing that he signed out of work last Monday, and instead went to dinner.
You must be getting "DNR", which stands for "Did Not Report".
Any reason? The only official reason a soldier can legally sign out for work duty is due to a sickness or an injury, or for a meeting with a superior.
Excuse me, guys.
This is Alpha Four, go.
Alpha Four, what do you think you're doing? I am on vacation.
But what, exactly, do you think you're doing on that base? - How did you - Come on, Four.
You start flashing that clearance badge around and alarms go off.
I'm helping my sister and the SBPD with an investigation, and I don't see how any of that is your business.
Everything you do is my business, and everything that happens on that base is the army's business.
Your instructions, Alpha Four, are to keep it that way.
- I don't follow - Congratulations Don't touch that! You just got yourself an assignment.
If there is a bad seed on that base, I want you to uncover them.
Your orders: do what it is you do to make sure it never sees the light of day.
Yes, sir.
Sir - The file your team asked for.
- Thank you, soldier.
It's Abigail.
Again.
You're acting like it's odd to be calling you on the phone.
No, the phone is a device that's been around for dozens of years.
That's not the odd part.
She's just being awfully clingy lately.
- Like I'm never doing enough.
- I don't know.
I think taking her to the dead guy show was pretty good.
You're right, I'm an idiot.
Before you even say anything, I want to apologize for the dog tags in the esophagus fiasco.
But I will be making it up to you tonight 8:00 p.
m.
Perfect.
So going through Starks's effects before they were sent off didn't raise any flags.
Good afternoon.
Nice of you to join us.
A lot has happened.
Maybe you'd like to try and catch up.
It is precisely 8:20 in the a.
m.
- What could possibly have happened? - What, did you just run a marathon? While I may have been sleeping late, I had very, very productive dreams.
I now know two new things.
One, the howler monkey that wears the overalls and plays the glockenspiel is my inner child pleading with me to cling to my innocence.
And two, the fact that Starks signed out of work on Monday means something.
I admire your fortitude Maybe I've been on the inside so long, but this thing smells of suicide.
Can you get us back onto the base? It's not like the annual pass to Disneyland.
That was a very special circumstance.
You don't have to do that.
You've done enough already.
Thank you for getting us Starks' file.
You pulled some strings to do that.
I know.
I mean, I wish I could have turned something up for you guys - It's a tough break.
- Excuse us men.
Dude, somebody tampered with that file.
Captain America isn't interested in helping.
We need to get back on that base unsupervised.
And how? Just go the base and beg to get back on again? "Excuse me, officer, can we get back on the base, please?" Come on, solider, we're gonna sneak on.
Under the radar.
Under the radar? Under the radar.
Come on, dude, how was I supposed to know that they had real radar? Look at the bright side.
We're in a Humvee! Just what in the hell did you think you were gonna get away with? You realize that this kind of idiocy will not be tolerated on my base! Is there another type of idiocy that you would be more comfortable with? Understood.
I hope this doesn't affect Gus and I's chances of enlisting.
Son, I'm not sure what makes either of you think you're army material.
I have two words for you: army psychic.
I'm giving you before I pitch it to CBS as a television idea.
We apologize, sir.
- And it will never happen again.
- That's more like it.
For the record, I have the utmost respect for the united states army, and all branches of the military.
Except, of course, the coast guard.
Did you see The guardian? I'll be contacting your superiors about this incident.
There will be consequences.
- Consequences? - Consequences! He's gonna come back with a bar of soap wrapped in a towel! Would you relax? There's no way we're getting d'Onofrioed.
You tell him.
It was your psychic revelation.
I'm asking you as a favor.
As a friend.
Rock, paper, scissors.
Two out of three.
Just tell him.
Someone start telling me something, because I'm in the mood to staple heads.
All right, do you have any idea where Ewan was last night? Why? You and I both know that even Juliet can't tell us what Ewan does for the U.
S.
government.
And his past is some big secret.
He just breezes in and breezes out of the army base, and now, - he's reluctant to get us on? - In all fairness, he barely knows you.
When we were P.
O.
Ws, we saw Ewan outside Felts' office.
- What was he doing there? - For Pete's sake, if you have something to say, spit it out.
What is on your mind? All right, right now, it's just a major hunch.
But I think Ewan is deeply involved in all of this.
You think O'Hara's brother's a murder? Maybe.
How dare you accuse my brother of murder.
Jules, I'm not accusing.
At this point it's just a strong psychic hunch.
Just for the record, you charged both of my parents with murder on Christmas.
That's very true.
Just ask yourself, what is he doing here? Why is he in Santa Barbara? That's it? That's your theory, that he's in town? Try this theory on for size.
You always argue with your father, and you rarely even see your mother.
Maybe it's just hard for you to wrap your head around the fact that somebody might have a healthy, loving relationship with their family.
Other than being a war hero, has my brother done to bring on your suspicions? He has an arsenal of weapons in his pants.
You might just try to mask your obvious jealousy for Ewan.
Jealousy of Ew What? That's funny.
- How funny is that? Laugh a little.
- It's pretty funny.
Because Ewan and I are basically the same person.
It's ridiculous.
Maybe your time would be better served if you were to concentrate on real, viable suspects in our midst.
Like Felts, for example.
This guy thinks he's king of the world because he's got stars on his chest.
I've got a badge, and that guy's going down.
Hello there, detective.
Please tell me i'm not going down before I've had my morning coffee.
Major general, thank you for coming down.
To be honest, we were just expecting a phone call.
Young lady, we didn't have phones in Nha Trang when I took down nine men with my bare hands.
Perhaps we could talk in private? In here.
Go home.
- Major general, you care to sit down? - Did you know of the 39 men who signed our declaration of independence, when they did it.
This country was built from a standing position.
I'm good.
Thank you for the history lesson.
Now to matters of this century.
This murder isn't going away, and neither are we.
We want some answers.
I came down here as a courtesy to you.
But if you're gonna turn this into an interrogation, detective, you'd better be prepared to stick bamboo shoots under my fingernails.
I didn't think so.
I will be back at that base with warrants! A stack of 'em! Did you forget how to get home? 'cause we can have an officer take you.
We both know how we can get back on that base.
Sorry, you've accused my brother of murder, and now you want to use him? We have a stake in this investigation, so let's investigate.
That is our jobs, remember? This brother thing is just a hunch.
But I am a psychic, which means I need top be near him in order to read him.
Now, what are you afraid of? That I can prove I'm right? That's just how you'll prove that you're wrong.
How many men would you say you've killed? Of the four of us, your brother's the only one who's killed a man, unless we're counting accidental deaths, in which case Gus is in the running.
You don't have to defend yourself.
I'm simply wondering how it feels.
I hope you never have to find out.
Snap.
- I asked for that.
- Yes, you did.
Sir, I'm gonna have to ask you not to touch the weapons.
What is this? That is an anti-tank weapon.
And you're pointing it at yourself.
You used to work with Starks in the motorcade, did you not? Yes, I did.
But you know that.
How do you know that? There's only a certain jobs a private can be assigned to on a base like this.
Deductive reasoning.
Clipboard, please.
- Sir? - Clipboard, please, sir.
Starks touched this clipboard.
- I don't know what you mean.
- I think you do, soldier.
I think you do.
If you have information, you better tell us.
One of the privates may have had a girlfriend.
And he may have snuck off the base that night to see her.
And he may have had his pal Starks sub in for him and man his shift.
Starks normally works the motor pool, so he knew nothing about weapon inventory.
- Isn't that risky? - It's pretty simple.
Machine supplies come in, trucks pick 'em up.
Simple.
Starks saw something that night that he wasn't supposed to.
The question is What was it? What is the status, Four? It's a little early for a cocktail, isn't it? Not on this coast.
Now tell me you've wrapped this thing up.
I've tried everything to slow it down.
I've turned 'em the wrong way.
I've shredded evidence.
This Shawn Spencer character is very good at what he does.
Starks was onto something, and Spencer's close.
Are you telling me you can't handle some local psychic? I'm gonna follow his lead to the target, then I'll deal with it.
It's perfect.
Okay, Four.
But be in touch.
And in case you weren't sure, that's an order.
You think you could get Gus and I back on the base late night? Not a problem.
This is nice.
Yeah, it is.
Just you and me.
Me and you.
I'm talking about us, man.
I'm talking about this Being in a relationship, spending the time, spooning it up, it's I'm sorry, do you have somewhere to be? That's ridiculous.
I would never do that.
Why would I I'm sorry.
I had every intention of making this an amazing date.
I did.
I just I have to work.
Maybe if I had a normal job with regular hours, - like you do - You're missing the point.
- I'm not totally available to you.
- Listen to me There are things that I have to do, because I have to do them, and they don't involve our relationship.
I'm going to Uganda! The city? It's a country.
I knew that.
Tell me you're not having an affair with Kamala.
Kamala the wrestler? His real name is Jim Harris, and he's not from Uganda, he's from Mississippi.
God, I love that you know that.
All right.
- When do you leave? - Two days.
- How long? - Six months.
Maybe longer.
I'm sorry I didn't tell you sooner.
It all just happened really fast.
It's this amazing program, all right.
It's called "one kid one world.
" I'm gonna be helping to build and design this school, and I'm gonna teach kids who are just desperate to learn.
- It sounds nice.
- That's why I've been pressuring you - to get together, so I could tell you.
- Really? You couldn't have slipped it in anywhere before right now, this second? I thought about it right after the coroner pulled the dog tags out of that guy's mouth.
Come on.
Have the conversation that we would have had if I had told you.
Fine, I would have asked you not to go.
I would say that that is completely unfair because I've been waiting for this opportunity for six years.
And I'd ask you to come with me.
I would say that's not very fair.
Because Psych is here and Gus is here.
And what am I supposed to do in Uganda for six months or longer? Where does that leave us, then? Now, that's a fair question.
- Okay, it's the last one.
- Got it, sarge.
Thanks for scoring us these dope army costumes.
They're not costumes.
They're government-issue uniforms.
I wonder where that truck is going.
Any chance it's Uganda? Shawn, are you okay? Thanks, buddy.
There's only one way to find out.
We gotta get on that truck.
Ewan, how would you normally handle a situation like this? Take 'em out.
A little elaborate.
Somewhat unorthodox.
But possibly genius.
Do we still have the number for that guy who can get us tickets for Raw? Kirano.
But that's not what he meant.
Wait a minute, you mean you would kill them? Not right away.
But usually I'm dealing with the enemy.
These guys are on our side.
What do you guys do? It's called creating a diversion.
How does that work? What are you doing out of your barracks after lights out, son? I was just taking a stroll.
Taking a stroll? What are you, soldier, some kind of dandy? - Get down on the ground.
- I'm sorry? Hit the deck, maggot! All right, you start giving me push-ups, and I mean good ones, all the way up and all the way down, or you will start over.
Start! - You miss your mommy yet? - I do, - I guess.
- You guess? You have a girly you write to back home? No, but I gave that a thought lately.
You think I want to hear a monologue about your feelings? - No no, sir.
- Keep going! - Do you even want to be here? - I don't know.
- I'm not too sure.
- Not too sure? I will ask you again.
- Do you want to be here? - I do, sir! - Why is that, private? - I got nowhere else to go! I got nowhere else to Pathetic! Sergeant Powell keeps sending me you guys! Nice, buddy.
You were totally doing lines from an officer and a gentleman.
I don't know where it came from.
Lou Gossett was like my pretend dad after that movie.
I felt the same way after Enemy Mine.
Over here.
It's Wallach? He had his own operation selling weapons.
This must be what Starks saw.
He had a conscience.
He didn't blindly follow, he questioned, - and he reported it to Wallach.
- But he was the wrong person to tell.
Wallach killed him in that motel room.
And don't be offended by this, but I thought it was you who was somehow behind all this.
I've never met a man who's so big he couldn't hide behind a plane.
We need to make a plan.
Stay here! Let's go! You said to stay here.
- "Stay here.
" That's what you said! - You can move now.
Let's go.
Come on! Wallach sees us from a distance, breaks into a crate, pulls out a gonna-36, and he's gone.
We might have had a chance, but it's all speculation.
I owe you an apology.
I was wrong.
For accusing my brother? No, I was gonna say you were right.
I looked it up Eve Plumb did do 3 episodes of The Love Boat, playing 3 different characters.
Turns out she has a lot more range than I gave her credit for.
Now that I'm thinking of it, I was also wrong to accuse your brother.
He saved our lives and, well, I owe him for that.
- That is very sweet.
- Yes, it is.
What's more, I really mean it.
I'm sure you do.
But it's not that easy this time.
Listen up! At ease.
At this moment, and against my better judgment, I'm gonna overlook the blatant disregard for the rules of the US army, and say thank you to Shawn Spencer and his partner Ghee Buttersnaps, for their efforts to uncover Wallach's criminal misconduct.
We have identified the missing weapons and are now tracking them.
And to one of our own, Ewan O'Hara, for his heroic actions in this albeit unauthorized operation.
We have a man on the run.
We're gonna find him.
So here are the parameters for "operation manhunt".
Excuse me, Major General, sir.
Are you open to suggestions for alternate names to "operation manhunt"? It seems a little on the nose, sir.
First order of business, we're gonna do a lockdown of the base.
No one gets in, no one gets out.
Then I want an inventory done of all the arms rooms on the installation.
Look, man, I don't know what the rules are for saving lives these days, but I want you to know that if you ever need anything xeroxed or mimeographed or alphabetized, Gus is your man.
Not necessary.
I'm just glad you guys are okay.
Listen, I'm sorry I couldn't be there to help you net Wallach, but I'm sure you guys will do it.
Army has a way of weeding out bad seeds.
Are you leaving? Yeah, I got a flight, 0430.
Wouldn't happen to be to Uganda, would it? You know, It's funny that Major General Felts turned out to be the good guy.
If I hadn't seen great Santiniso many times I would have seen that sooner.
Duvall.
Yeah, Duvall.
If Starks didn't die, he would have had that appointment with Felts, and Felts would have figured out this whole weapons thing a lot sooner.
Man Ewan, you don't have to do that.
You've already done enough.
And thanks for Starks' file.
I know you had to pull some strings.
I wish we could have turned something for you.
Tough break.
It just smells like suicide.
You used to work with Starks.
Yes, I did.
But you know that.
How do you know that? - Dude, where's Ewan? - He left.
My God, I was wrong.
I mean I was right.
I was right, and then wrong.
- Now I'm right again.
- You're not making any sense.
We have to follow Ewan.
He's up to something.
I'll explain on the way.
Where are those guys going? - Let's call Lassiter.
- No time for that.
We gotta get down.
I got all the time.
I'd like to live.
All this time I thought you were trying to help us uncover the truth.
But really you were trying to slow us down so that you could get to him first.
- We each have our job.
- Yes, we do.
I've had many jobs.
I'm not sure which one you're referring to.
My guess is that it's not my brief stint as a lobbyist for M&Ms, trying to get them to bring back the light brown ones.
But let's not get caught up in one another's achievements.
Suffice to say we both have very impressive resumes.
Let's just talk Man to much smaller, less fit man.
All right, Wallach here broke an army code.
A code based on allegiance, honor, honesty.
How'bout this, Ewan How'bout I bring the cops in here? And we arrest this guy, slap some cuffs on him.
How satisfying will that be to watch? I'll make sure Lassie makes 'em tight so that they chafe and they flake.
You know you sister will get the collar.
That's a bonus.
I'm not taking Wallach anywhere.
- Wait a second.
You gonna kill him? - Yes, Gus.
I believe that's what the cocking of the gun was meant to mean.
You wouldn't be this lost if you would come closer.
You know how I feel about piers.
They are covered in pelican urine.
Everything you touched is soaked in it.
I'm good where I am.
You're a good detective.
You've got a good thing going here.
On top of that, my sister likes you and so do I.
But we all have orders.
And I'm still alive because I follow mine.
Why don't you and your buddy Seriously? The name is Gus! Turn around, walk out.
Forget you ever saw me.
Go have a drink.
Toast to a job well done.
Leave me to do what I have to do.
We can live with that, can't we? I can't.
Easy, little sis.
Drop it, Ewan.
We both know you're not gonna shoot your older brother.
No, but I will.
I could make this very complicated for you right now.
What is this even about? You're protecting the army from some bad publicity? What happened to the Ewan I knew? You know you're the reason I became a cop? You gave me the confidence to go for it, and I did.
I became one.
And now I have a job to do and that is to uphold the law.
And no one is above that.
Wallach is gonna go to jail for what he did, and so are you.
You are under arrest for the attempted murder of lieutenant W.
Wallach of the united states army.
You have the right to remain silent.
Anything you say can and will be used against you in a court of law.
For the record, I really hate that I was right.
Me too.
This must be hard for you.
I mean, I have family members I would love to see go to prison, but this must be tough.
He broke the law.
That's all there is to it for me.
Excuse me, I'm looking for a prisoner Ewan O'Hara? Sorry, he's not here.
Is he on a different bus? No, ma'am, there's no record of a Ewan O'Hara.
Now boarding from 665 Are you sure you don't want to come visit? Maybe.
I mean it's It's not out of the question.
It's the hole in the ground as a toilet thing that's giving me pause.
I won't even tell you about the whole toiletpaper situation.
I'll be thinking about you, though.
I think we'll both be doing our share of that.
Tell me one more time exactly when you get back.
Right, I'll be back for a little bit on February 24th, so I'm going to circle it on my calendar.
Now boarding flight 665 to LAX with international connections.
Now boarding flight 665 to Los Angeles international airport.
Ticket, please.

Read more: https://www.springfieldspringfield.co.uk/view_episode_scripts.php?tv-show=psych&episode=s04e10